[MUSIC]
>> Nina Zakharenko: So
now that you guys all have this file.
I'm going to introduce a command
that we'll be using over and
over and over again.
And that command is git status.
So let's go ahead and type that.
>> Speaker 2: Can you clear the terminal,
so you're kinda towards the top?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah.
So, git status.
So, you guys should all see this.
There will be a section called untracked
files, and your file will be in there.
Does anyone not see that?
Cool.
So, there's a lot of information
when we run this command and
let's go through it line by line.
So, that first line, On branch master,
tells us that we're working
in the master branch.
That's the main branch for
most repositories.
And we'll cover how to create new
branches a little bit later on.
That second line, it says that my branch
is up-to-date with origin/master.
That means that no one else has, yes?
>> Speaker 3: I think, just online,
I think a couple people are behind.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay.
>> Speaker 3: One person is getting syntax
error, when they're trying to clone it.
Maybe you can just show the,
how to do the cloning,and then the URL.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So, the URL
is gonna be different for all of us.
>> Speaker 3: For
each person, right?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah.
but that is
>> Speaker 3: And
then the other thing after,
they're like wondering what to do after
they clone maybe did you explain
how to create that directory?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah so that's the git
clone command up there.
And then if I clear that out.
And I go up one directory and I do an ls.
I'll see what's on my desktop there is
now a directory called pull-request-1,
that was created when I didn't get cloned.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yeah, so
there's this git clone in the URL.
All of our URLs should be different
because we all take a fork
from Brian's branch.
So you should be git clone in,
github.com/ and then whatever you'll get,
git user name is.
>> Speaker 3: Could you just show
on the video where you get the clone URL?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yes.
>> Speaker 3: I think that's.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Sorry,
Brian's computer is set up
all different than mine.
Okay, so just again I went to
github.com/btholt/pull-requests.
>> Nina Zakharenko: And
I can put this URL on the slide.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Get that fork out
of the way.
Can everyone who's following
along online see that?
>> Nina Zakharenko: So then the step to
create a fork was to go to this URL and
then.
Click on this guy right here.
>> Nina Zakharenko: There's
a helpful pop-up.
It says, it'll fork your own copy of
bthold/pull-requests to your own account.
I see that there are only 29 forks,
so I'm just gonna give you guys-.
>> Speaker 3: Refresh the page, we'll see.
You have 30
>> Nina Zakharenko: 30.
>> Speaker 3: There you go.
You were just doing what
you have on the live
stream clip.
>> Speaker 4: Right now we got seven, so.
>> Speaker 3: 44 people.
>> Nina Zakharenko: I caught you.
Who doesn't have a fork?
>> Nina Zakharenko: Do
you have a GitHub account?
>> Speaker 5: Yes.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay.
>> Speaker 5: No I got that
part I just
>> Nina Zakharenko: You don't wanna, okay.
Anyone else in here?
I see 31.
>> Nina Zakharenko: You
guys in the room all have your own forks?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Nina Zakharenko: Yes.
>> Nina Zakharenko: So Brian's repository
is, very, very popular.
>> Nina Zakharenko: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: Now refresh the page,
see how many people.
That's all right.
>> Nina Zakharenko: All right,
I'm gonna keep going.
So, we made a text file that's our
first name and the first letter
of our last name .txt in
the repository folder.
So just to reiterate,
right now I'm on my desktop folder.
I run the git clone.
And I put in the URL from my fork.
And I'll show you guys
where that is again.
So, if I go to my own GitHub.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Here,
I'll see there's this pull-request.
And the URL is right here HTTPS clone URL,
and you can just click this handy icon and
it'll copy it to your clipboard.
So if do an ls in this directory, I see
that I have this pull-requests folder.
I'm doing to cd,
change directory, into that.
If I do an ls here,
I see that I have this txt file.
Now I'm going to run and git-status.